# Assumptions

## auth.py
* Token provided by *auth_login* and *auth_register* are unique to the login session
* A user may have multiple active sessions at once.
* Password length could be upwards of 32 characters.
* Passwords will only consist of ASCII printable characters.
* Email addresses are validated using the method in the GeeksforGeeks article as opposed to RFC documents.
* *auth_register* logs the user in.

### auth_login
* Test *auth_login* under the assumption that invalid emails will produce an error regardless (i.e if the email is invalid or that the user does not exist).

### auth_register
* The generated handle will contain alphanumeric characters.
* Handles that are generated by *auth_register* are the default handle assigned to the user, the user can choose to change their handle after registration.
* Handles are the concatenation of the user's first and last name converted to lowercase.
* If the generated handle is already taken, a modified handle is assigned to the user.
* Specific testing of how a modified handle is generated will be omitted, instead tests will verify that the provided handle is unique.
___

## channel.py
* *channel_id* will only be positive integers
* Negative *channel_id* (i.e. -1) are invalid

### channel_leave
* When the only owner of a channel with multiple people leaves, the channel will have no owner.
* When all members of a channel leave, the channel will not be deleted.

### channel_join
* When a user that is already a member of a channel tries to join that same channel, the function does nothing.
___

## channels.py

### channels_create
* Channel names only contains ASCII printable characters.
* Channel names do not have to be unique.
___

## message.py

### message_remove
* *message_id* will only be positive integers
* Negative *message_id* (i.e. -1) are invalid

### message_send
* A message of zero characters is an **InputError** and cannot be sent.
___

## other.py

### search
* If user is not a part of any channel, search returns no messages.
* If the query string is empty, search returns all messages from every channel the user is a part of.
* Query string is case insensitive.
___

## user.py
* *u_id* will only be positive integers
* Negative *u_id* (i.e. -1) are invalid

### user_profile_sethandle
* Handle consists of only lowercase characters
* knownhandle is a unique handle that is not existing already prior to testing.
* Attempting to change the user's handle to the user's current handle will result in an **InputError**